# What is solipism
It is the belief that you are the only thing you know that exists in the world.
As the only thing you know to exist is yourself. Being within your own mind you are able to see that you yourself is a living prospering thing, that it is a 
real thing. In some sense solipism is the answer that can't really be refuted because how can you ever show that something else is really existing like you are?

#Why not solipize?
Because people aren't capable of creating the world in their minds or just simply believe everything is made up in their brains. Why? Becuase it seems to
ridiculous, we aren't all powerful beings we are humans underneath god's rule. As it is the belief that the world can be explained by the simple facts and 
positions of truth. I believe that the world is explained by god's gracious words. Or perhaps the world is explained through the idea we aren't powerful.

#Why solipize?
When I look at something and I call it by it's name, what am I doing? I am seeing an object, but what does seeing an object even mean or do? Well seeing is a 
interpretation of light as objects/things, and these objects are given names within my mind. They could be called a house, casa, dom, abode, penis, vagina, and 
etc: They are given arbritrary words or a word that don't matter as it's label: As the object's label. Which is why I am I and you are you. We made it up.

  #Things
  So what does it mean if it is made up? It can still exist, right? Yeah, it could exist. But if it could mean anything, be given any placeholder then what
  makes it have a specific one? What in this world gives something a specific placeholder? No one or no thing or no inherent thing, only us makes it exist. Us
  and our belief of meaning give some arbirtary, some meaningless symbol and phrase meaning. So we made up all of these things, it doesn't prove "yes" point.
    #More Things
    Why it doesn't prove or add to the "yes" point that I should be a solipist is because we don't just make up things, we believe in things. And to believe is 
    another point entirely. We are not just under god's thumb or in the mind of another persons; we can believe that to be true and play this game of
    probability. But we must understand that we are simply just believing. And what solipism does is show that that is all we can do and is doing, trusting.

#
